# 3.0.1
Podcast Generator 3.0.1 is now available from: https://github.com/albertobeta/PodcastGenerator/archive/v3.0.1.zip
This is a minor release which just covers some bug fixes.
The support ends on 2020-05-31.

## Notes on this release
Unfortunately 3.0 had too many undiscovered bugs so a new version was required

## Prerequisites
Be sure to have an installation of Podcast Generator 2.7 or 3.0

## How to upgrade
**Be sure to make a backup before updating!**
1. Download the release
2. Extract the ZIP-Archive
3. Enter the directory (There are lots of meta files (license stuff for example, `PodcastGenerator/` is what you are looking for))
4. Upload the PodcastGenerator folder, or it's content to your desired location on your web server.
5. If necessary, adjust permissions by `chmod -R 775 PodcastGenerator/` (if you don't know what file permissions and have no access to a shell you can ignore this step)
6. Point your web browser to your website where Podcast Generator is installed.
7. You will get prompted by an assistant which asks you to enter your password
8. There you go, enjoy the new version of Podcast Generator.

## Compatibility
Podcast Generator 3 was developed with `PHP 7.3.11`. In general all `PHP 7+` versions should work. However it is unknown if it will work with `PHP 5` but you shouldn't use PHP5 either as it has reached it's end of life and is just a potential security risk.
It was developed using `PHP 7.3.11` on `GNU/Linux Debian Buster` using `nginx`. It should be independent of the OS and web server though. If you expect any problems, please report them at [GitHub](https://github.com/albertobeta/PodcastGenerator/issues). We will try our best to publish a new version as fast as possible to fix this bug

## New features (backports from master)
* Devscript for changing permissions (by Emil Engler)
* Much faster episode indexing (by C. Michael Pilato)
* Copy long description from short description if not set (by C. Michael Pilato)
* Remove max_recent changer in the admin interface because it causes more problems than it fixes (by Emil Engler)

## Bug fixes (backports from master)
* Make reload button workable again in setup (by Emil Engler)
* Redirect old archive URLs to the new location (by C. Michael Pilato)
* Episodes with no author name (by C. Michael Pilato)
* No invalid RSS feeds because of the "&" symbol
* FTP Feature: Get title, author name and description from the audio metadata.
* Better backwards compatibility.
* No link error when clicking an episode link

## Known issues
### Translation
* Two strings are untranslated and therefore just english

## Credits
Thanks to everyone who contributed code to this release:
* Emil Engler
* C. Michael Pilato

As well as everyone who has reported and fixed bugs.
Also thanks to all translators.

Finally thanks to James Heinrich and the getID3 Developers for this awesome library and thanks to the bootstrap authors for this great CSS/JS framework!

You guys are all awesome🚀