# 3.0.1
Podcast Generator 3.1 is now available from: https://github.com/albertobeta/PodcastGenerator/archive/v3.1.zip
This is a major release which covers some new features and fixes many bugs
The support ends on 2020-12-31.
**We currently only have translations for the English, German and Spanish languages. Help to translate if you need other languages supported!**

## Notes on this release
The next regular release of Podcast Generator

## Prerequisites
Be sure to have an installation of Podcast Generator 3.0 or 3.0.1.
**Other versions are not supported for the upgrade!**

## How to upgrade
**Be sure to make a backup before updating!**
1. Download the release
2. Extract the ZIP-Archive
3. Enter the directory (There are lots of meta files (license stuff for example, `PodcastGenerator/` is what you are looking for))
4. Upload the PodcastGenerator folder, or it's content to your desired location on your web server.
5. If necessary, adjust permissions by `chmod -R 775 PodcastGenerator/` (if you don't know what file permissions and have no access to a shell you can ignore this step)
6. Point your web browser to your website where Podcast Generator is installed.
7. You will get prompted by an assistant which asks you to enter your password
8. There you go, enjoy the new version of Podcast Generator.

## Compatibility
Podcast Generator 3 was developed with `PHP 7.3.11`. In general all `PHP 7+` versions should work. However it is unknown if it will work with `PHP 5` but you shouldn't use PHP5 either as it has reached it's end of life and is just a potential security risk.
It was developed using `PHP 7.3.11` on `GNU/Linux Debian Buster` using `nginx`. It should be independent of the OS and web server though. If you expect any problems, please report them at [GitHub](https://github.com/PodcastGenerator/PodcastGenerator/issues). We will try our best to publish a new version as fast as possible to fix this bug

## New features (notable)
* Multi User Support
* Episode specific cover art support
* Fallback to config author_name
* Support for ID3v1 tags (lost in 3.0)
* View Podcast Button in the admin interface
* Display HTML in itunes:summary
* Reset password feature
* Categories are no longer required for episodes
* OpenGraph metatags
* Design improvements
* Bulk download of episodes
* Google Play feed support

## Bug fixes (notable)
* Not only mp3 files are allowed for the upload
* Audio files with cover arts can be uploaded
* More correct parsing of the mime type
* Replace spaces with underscores
* Better config parser
* Escape HTML special chars in episode creation
* Read the correct explicit values
* Don't permit NULL episodes
* Many, many others

## Credits
Thanks to everyone who contributed code to this release:
* Emil Engler
* C. Michael Pilato
* Ryan Gurn
* Uğur ARICI
* NeaMitika
* Lars Knickrehm
* Benoit F.

As well as everyone who has reported and fixed bugs.
Also thanks to all translators.

Also thanks to Alberto Betella for running the website and doing back-end stuff.

Finally thanks to James Heinrich and the getID3 Developers for this awesome library and thanks to the bootstrap authors for this great CSS/JS framework!

You guys are all awesome🚀
