# Podcast Generator 3.2.1

Podcast Generator 3.2.1 is now available:

<https://github.com/PodcastGenerator/PodcastGenerator/releases/download/v3.2.1/PodcastGenerator-v3.2.1.zip>

This is a patch release for 3.2 containing fixes for episode uploads.

Support for the 3.2.x version series will end one month after release of Podcast
Generator 3.3 or any newer non-bugfix version.

## Prerequisites

* PHP 7.0 or newer (8.0 or newer recommended)
* PHP gettext extension
* PHP simplexml and libxml extensions
* Apache 2 or nginx web server

## Installation

See the `INSTALL` or `INSTALL.nginx` files in the root of the zip file for
details on how to perform a fresh install of Podcast Generator for Apache 2 or
nginx web servers.

### Upgrading from Previous Versions

Upgrading is supported from any release of Podcast Generator 3.1.
Directly upgrading from older versions is not supported:
If you are running PG 3.0 then you need to first upgrade to 3.1; if you are
running PG 2.7 or older you need to upgrade to 3.0 and then to 3.1 before
upgrading to PG 3.2.

**Be sure to make a backup of your site before upgrading!**

1. Download `PodcastGenerator-v3.2.0.zip` and extract to a local directory.
2. Upload (or copy) the content of the `PodcastGenerator/` directory to the
   appropriate location on your web server.
3. Adjust the permissions for the PHP files to `775` if necessary.
4. Open your website in a web browser to kick off the automated upgrade process.
5. Delete the `components/getid3/` directory from your website installation (the
   getid3 library has been moved to the new `vendor/` directory).

For safety reasons, the automated upgrade process does not remove any existing
files, which is why you need to be able to delete `components/getid3/` yourself.

## Changes

See the changelog for a non-exclusive list of changes since the 3.1.x series.
