# Podcast Generator 3.2

Podcast Generator 3.2 is now available:

<https://github.com/PodcastGenerator/PodcastGenerator/releases/download/v3.2.0/PodcastGenerator-v3.2.0.zip>

This is a minor release which adds additional features to Podcast Generator 3.0
and 3.1, and fixes various bugs from those releases.

Support for this version will end one month after release of Podcast Generator
3.3 or any newer non-bugfix version.

## Prerequisites

* PHP 7.0 or newer (8.0 or newer recommended)
* PHP gettext extension
* PHP simplexml and libxml extensions
* Apache 2 or nginx web server

## Installation

See the `INSTALL` or `INSTALL.nginx` files in the root of the zip file for
details on how to perform a fresh install of Podcast Generator for Apache 2 or
nginx web servers.

### Upgrading from Previous Versions

Upgrading is supported from any release of Podcast Generator 3.1.
Directly upgrading from older versions is not supported:
If you are running PG 3.0 then you need to first upgrade to 3.1; if you are
running PG 2.7 or older you need to upgrade to 3.0 and then to 3.1 before
upgrading to PG 3.2.

**Be sure to make a backup of your site before upgrading!**

1. Download `PodcastGenerator-v3.2.0.zip` and extract to a local directory.
2. Upload (or copy) the content of the `PodcastGenerator/` directory to the
   appropriate location on your web server.
3. Adjust the permissions for the PHP files to `775` if necessary.
4. Open your website in a web browser to kick off the automated upgrade process.
5. Delete the `components/getid3/` directory from your website installation (the
   getid3 library has been moved to the new `vendor/` directory).

For safety reasons, the automated upgrade process does not remove any existing
files, which is why you need to be able to delete `components/getid3/` yourself.

## Changes

See the changelog for a non-exclusive list of changes since version 3.1.4.

## Contributors

Thank you to all the developers who contributed to the production of Podcast
Generator 3.2:

* Bryce Beattie
* Alberto Betella
* Chris Charabaruk
* Emil Engler
* ephidrineon
* Gorom
* Ryan Gurnick
* linkmauve
* Lola
* Marco-Lugo
* NeaMitika
* NicolaiVdS
* pbassham
* Pierre-Henry Soria
* Gabi Suciu
